there were four or five universities
that were all starting the event 1995 as
an effort by the Children's Miracle
Network to spread this around and we
were one of those first universities the
craziness of the event really is the
magic it's all about the change in and
the students lives and how you're
setting them up early on to have a
philanthropic life
and you don't even really understand
that continue to the end of the event
and super flip cards raise you see this
extra commas there's extra decimal codes
you see all the people running crying
and you hear the music and you're
dancing again you're not sitting down
you're still dancing that's when you
realize you're committed for life I walk
in here to the O'Connell Center but when
I come in here I don't think about
basketball I don't think about
volleyball when I come in here I smell
Dance Marathon the blood and sweat and
tears of thousands of kids who've come
through here young adults who've
committed their entire weekend and to
this wonderful cause but without knowing
it yet they've committed their entire
lives to philanthropy the first year
nobody really knew that the event was
even going to happen they threw together
the event and the Ryan ballroom it
wasn't that many dancers but it was it
was nice you know I mean April dancing
you knew they were dancing for a cause
and we've just seen it grow every year
they decided it the ryan ballroom just
wasn't going to work so the negotiation
was made to move it to the Connell
center even then there was a lot of
discussion about legacy and what we
needed to do in order to make sure to
submit last forever and ever and ever
because it's not just about the facility
it's not just about Shannon's Children's
Hospital it's about the camaraderie and
the fraternity of students that have
created their own Club which is now in
my opinion the largest most successful
event on campus the fact we continue to
grow is a successful after 20 years is
like it's such a testament to the
student body into the 1i have come
before us and made us what we are today
the 20th year is a huge celebration to
us when you think of 10 years wow that's
a huge number but 20 years that means
you've been doing something good
something is sticking it's something
that's done by students it's not adults
putting it on
students and for them first to realize
that these are kids basically kids doing
and devoting so much time it takes to
make over year to do this and to realize
that they really care about kids they
really care about what they're doing and
it just amazes me I think Dance Marathon
has at UF has the potential to grow and
be the flan three of the Gator Nation
and it's just part of being a gator like
going to football games or being in the
hub it's just something everybody does